IEC2020080/aboutme.md, before:

#Me?
My name is <b>Abhay Singh</b>.<br>
Currently, I am a student in IIIT Allahabad with enrollment ID <b>IEC2020080</b>.<br>
I am pursuing a bachelor degree of technology with <b>Electronics and Communication Engineering</b> as a major field of my study.

###Why you want to join the FOSS wing?
In recent times, especially in India, <b>students</b> (generally newcomers) has misunderstood the 
meaning of open-source.They thought open-source is not more than any competitive program 
(like GSoC or Outreachy), they generally came at the beginning of these programs, they contribute, 
if they got selected, they continue otherwise they leave it or comment <b>"I will try next year".</b> This is not open-source, open-source
should be like a hobby, we should feel fun while doing contributions, if you take it as a burden then
better you leave it and never came back. I can describe more, but I will conclude this with <b>"To explain the real meaning
and benefits of open-source to the community, I will like to join the FOSS wing."<b>

###What technologies have you worked on in the past?
I have worked on the following technologies / techStacks :
1. Java
2. Build management tools like maven or gradle
3. C/C++

Commit message:

Added my projects to my aboutme.md

IEC2020080/aboutme.md, after:

#Me?
My name is <b>Abhay Singh</b>.<br>
Currently, I am a student in IIIT Allahabad with enrollment ID <b>IEC2020080</b>.<br>
I am pursuing a bachelor degree of technology with <b>Electronics and Communication Engineering</b> as a major field of my study.

###Why you want to join the FOSS wing?
In recent times, especially in India, <b>students</b> (generally newcomers) has misunderstood the 
meaning of open-source.They thought open-source is not more than any competitive program 
(like GSoC or Outreachy), they generally came at the beginning of these programs, they contribute, 
if they got selected, they continue otherwise they leave it or comment <b>"I will try next year".</b> This is not open-source, open-source
should be like a hobby, we should feel fun while doing contributions, if you take it as a burden then
better you leave it and never came back. I can describe more, but I will conclude this with <b>"To explain the real meaning
and benefits of open-source to the community, I will like to join the FOSS wing."<b>

###What technologies have you worked on in the past?
I have worked on the following technologies / techStacks :
1. Java
2. C/C++
3. Build management tools like maven or gradle

###Projects by me : <b>NONE</b>

###Projects in which I contributed or I was a group member :
1. <a href="https://github.com/castor-software/depclean">My GSoC project</a>
2. <a href = "https://github.com/ABHAY0O7/xTracker" >An incomplete application by my team :))</a>
